# Advanced-UI-Final-Project

 1. For this project I wanted to do a website that allows you to look at movie listings for a large movie theatre. It also allows you to purchase tickets and snacks before heading to the theatre. Tickets can be purchased in specifc show rooms and specific seats can be purchased from a UI that allows the user to see which tickets have already been taken and allows them to select the tickets they want before purchase. Tickets and purchased snacks would then be sent to the email of the person who purchased them, so they can redeem them when they show up to the theatre.
 2. I will be doing this project individually.
 3. The website will need a front page that displays the movies that are currently in the theatre, a page that shows upcoming movies, a page that allows the user to view details of any movie they select, a page that allows the user to purchase snacks before the movie, a page that allows the user to buy specific tickets from an interactive UI that shows all the tickets in the show room they've selected, it will need a database that keeps track of movies and when they're in the theatre, as well as keeps track of user accounts for the purpose of allowing users to purchase tickets and snacks, and the database will need to keep track of which tickets have been purchased as well. It will also need the ability to send emails to users when they buy tickets/snacks that include redeemable QR codes.
 4. I always end up creating very sterile websites when I make them for projects, so I wanted to make one that is a little more fun for once. For this website I would need to do that, since movie theatres almost always go for a more upbeat "popcorn" kind of vibe. That would be an interesting new challenge. I would also need to create an interactive UI to showcase the seats that are available in a theatre, which would have to be more difficult than any UI I've made in the past. Lastly, I would also have to send emails to users when they purchase tickets/snacks as well as generate QR codes which isn't something I've done using React before. 
